gh-143504: Expose CELL status of a symbol in symtable (#143549)
python/cpython: Doc/library/symtable.rst

      Return a tuple containing names of :term:`free (closure) variables <closure variable>`
      in this function.

>    .. method:: get_cells()

Reviewer: Please add the versionadded directive as well

>       Return a tuple containing the names of cell variables in this table.

Reviewer 2: try formatting like the entry for get_frees with `:term:`

      Return ``True`` if the symbol is referenced in its block, but not assigned
      to.

   .. method:: is_cell()

>       Return ``True`` if the symbol is a cell variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Return ``True`` if the symbol is referenced from a nested block.
```

>       .. versionadded:: 3.15

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      .. versionadded:: next
```

      Return ``True`` if the symbol is referenced in its block, but not assigned
      to.

   .. method:: is_cell()

>       Return ``True`` if the symbol is referenced from a nested block.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Return ``True`` if the symbol is referenced but not assigned in a nested block.
```

      Return the namespace bound to this name. If more than one or no namespace
      is bound to this name, a :exc:`ValueError` is raised.

   .. method:: is_cell()

      Return ``True`` if the symbol is a cell variable.

>       .. versionadded:: 3.15

Reviewer 2: let's put this next to is_free.
